The game here is we're playing with it
in the most tangible realm. We're trying
to really let the physical pressure be
felt.
Okay? Uh but as you start to get it, it
gets subtler and subtler and subtler
because um as Mr. Saotomy said so
charmingly,
it's not I body do,
it's Iikido.
There's something there's some
activating force that's at play here. So
let's say in order to uh
grab me and push,
she's got to have the intention to do
that, right? If she's thinking about
breakfast, it won't happen. But she's
got to get here and do it. All right.
And then when she has the intention, it
goes into her nerves. And there's along
the neural currents, she's sending some
kind of that activating force. Let's
call it key. Okay? So there's some key
going through her nerves which is
activating the muscles
producing this kinesthetic action. Okay?
Intent neural channel activating
muscles. Muscles produce kinesthetic
movement. Are we good?
>> Without that intent, without the nerves
stimulating the muscles, without the
muscles contracting, the kinesthetic
movement does not happen. We good? So,
what we're really working with here,
please, is the intent.
And really, we would never let him get
here.
We would have moved already.
like that.
>> But I want to let you feel it really
tangibly.
>> Hello.
>> Okay.
And so I'm playing with that just
a little bit. And if I'm not in a hurry.
Thank you.
The key
will find its way just like the river
does.
And there is going to be uh Mr. Hyde
coming out and wanting to, you know, to
do a throw. But push push
uh and uh the guy wait. It's not
happening. And and now I get into some
whole other bent out of shape modality.
Does bent out of shape work down under?
Yeah. Okay.
Thank you.